Include caveat re: shinyapps.io and env variables (#438)
rstudio/rsconnect-python: README.md

> ### Environment Variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Environment variables
```

You can set environment variables during deployment. Their names and values will be
passed to Posit Connect during deployment so you can use them in your code. Note that 

> if you're using `rsconnect` to deploy to shinyapps.io, environment variable management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if you are using `rsconnect` to deploy to shinyapps.io, environment variable management
```
